Remove the CoqIDE "Revert all Buffers" command. (#11415)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/09-coqide/11415-remove-ide-revert-all-buffers.rst

- **Removed:**

>   Removed the "Revert all buffers" command from CoqIDE

Reviewer: Again, I suggest adding a bit of info so that people better understand why this choice is made:

```suggestion
  Removed the "Revert all buffers" command from CoqIDE which had been broken for a long time
```

>   Removed the "Revert all buffers" command from CoqIDE which had been broken for a long time

Reviewer: Following Hugo's comment, here's an alternative suggestion:

```suggestion
  Removed the "Revert all buffers" command from CoqIDE whose purpose was counter-intuitive / unclear to users.
```

Of course, we can also keep the current wording as it all depends on what meaning we give to the word "broken".
